docs(preamble): :memo: add learning objectives (#19)
rostools/tutorial-github-intro: preamble/syllabus.qmd

# Syllabus {#sec-syllabus}

{{< text_snippet wip >}}

Our overarching **learning outcome** is that at the end of the tutorial,
participants will be able to:

-   Describe and navigate GitHub's features to modify files and files,

>     write text in files, and create or comment on issues.

Author: I do like the emphasis on listing a set of tasks we will do, so maybe I will include something like that after the learning outcomes and objectives.

# Syllabus {#sec-syllabus}

{{< text_snippet wip >}}

> We designed the tutorial so that by the end of it, the **learning
> outcome** we hope you will have is:
> 
> -   Explain in simple terms what GitHub does and to feel confident enough 
>     to navigate GitHub to work with files as well as GitHub Issues.

Reviewer: There's something with the phrasing of this and the learning objectives below that I feel like could be more straightforward/less verbose. But finding the right phrasing is difficult... Maybe something like this?

```suggestion
## Learning outcome

By the end of this tutorial, we will have:

-   Explained in simple terms what GitHub does and navigated
    GitHub to work with files and GitHub Issues.
```
I think that I like the *we* instead of *you* to be more like "we're doing this together".

... but sure if I like the past tense though. Thoughts?

> To break this down, we designed the tutorial into specific **learning
> objectives** so that you will:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Learning objectives

Let's break down the overall **learning outcome** into the following **learning objectives**. 
During this tutorial, we will:
```

Or "In this tutorial, we'll cover:" ... and then rephrase the points below to fit this: list and describe --> list*ing* and describ*ing*

> -   List and describe Git's core functionality and purpose, and how

Reviewer: I have this idea that it would be super nice if these learning objectives were the *exact* ones listed in the individual lessons/sessions. In my mind, an exact mapping would just be delicious :cake: 
Thoughts?

    GitHub expands on that.
-   Explain the difference between GitHub and Git.
-   Explain how GitHub differs from services like OneDrive or Dropbox,
    and what GitHub's advantage is over them.

> -   Interact with and navigate GitHub enough to create, edit, rename,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Interact with and navigate GitHub to create, edit, rename,
```

    and delete files and folders.

> -   Create GitHub "Issues" to start discussions, request for some help,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Create GitHub Issues to start discussions, request help,
```

>     or list to-do tasks, as well as to comment on existing "Issues".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    or list to-do tasks and comment on existing "Issues".
```

> -   Explain the benefits to using Issues within the same platform as
>     your files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Explain the benefits of using Issues keep track of discussions and to-do lists within the same platform as
    your files.
```

> More concretely and more simply, during the tutorial we will:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifically, during the tutorial we will:
```

> -   Create and edit text files on GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Create your own project (also known as a *repository*) on GitHub
-   Create and edit text files on GitHub.
```
